# September 2, 2025

My thoughts on the cell phone law are mostly negative to be honest. 
I beleive creating a law over students using their cell phones is way to overboard, 
its just too much strictness over something so little. There are many negatives to this big change, there are still some positives
but I think its just too risky too gamble students and teachers saftey over them using phones on school grounds. Like for example,
if there is a dangerous situation (campus threat level) and no one can use their phones how can anyone else contact authoraties
or saftey/help? Now of course the responsibility should depend on admin, but its always good to prepare for the worst, incase a 
teacher or even student needs to help out. Another point i've come across, is rapidness in contacting. What I mean by that, is
what if parents or teachers need to hurry and leave school because someone dear to them is in trouble, possibly about to pass away,
hurt, or anything, you never know. Teachers and students not being able to quickly contact whoever they need to could pose a big obstacle
in the way seeing or helping a loved one for the last time. This is mainly torwards studnets because the office has to call their name in
the classroom, then they have to pack their stuff, walk to office, and this all takes a lot of time especially if they dont know whats going
on, vs a teacher being able to just leave and drive off wherever it is they need to go. Although i have mentioned some important negatives
to definently think about, one big positive is the phone law helps students with their attention spans. I feel like all of these apps are 
making everyone's attention span lower and lower by the day including myself, but especially students since most are kids. So I will say, 
the phone law does helps us take a break and actually learn something, while also preventing us from "doom scrolling" on these apps 
and destroying our attention span. With all of that being said, my thoughts on the cell phone law have yet to change and that is why.
